First update of KEB docs (#35)
kyma-project/kyma-environment-broker: docs/08-05-orchestrate-kyma-upgrade.md

# Orchestrate Kyma upgrade

> This tutorial shows how to upgrade SAP BTP, Kyma runtime using Kyma Environment Broker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial shows how to upgrade SAP BTP, Kyma runtime using Kyma Environment Broker (KEB).
```

> ## Prerequisites

Reviewer: Please change all instances of Kyma Environment Broker to KEB (except the first one, of course)

   export AUTHORIZATION_HEADER="Authorization: Bearer $ID_TOKEN"
   ```

> 2. Make a call to the Kyma Environment Broker to orchestrate the upgrade. You can select specific Kyma runtimes to upgrade using the following selectors:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Make a call to KEB to orchestrate the upgrade. You can select specific Kyma runtimes to upgrade using the following selectors:
```
